{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Chapter 6\par
I couldn't sleep again. Luckily, Reggie was there to talk to me. We didn't talk about the fact that I had just made a lot of supernatural friends, thank goodness. We talked about normal stuff. School, college apps, parents being intrusive. His parents were a lot worse than mine and liked to try to break into his computer and read his history. We spent a while messaging warnings to his parents back and forth in all caps. "IF YOURE READING THIS...TURN BACK NOW! OR ELSE!" \par
We talked about his friends and mine. He had this friend named Michelle who had named all the dance moves from this video game, and he told me about some of them. The most popular by far, he asserted, was one called "Ooh, My Pelvis Is A Choo-Choo Train." Apparently people Reggie didn't even recognize had started to do this move. It sounded hilarious. \par
I told him about Celia's new play about the time travelling Puritans. She and I both thought that time period was interesting, and I had helped proofread her play and make sure it was mostly appropriate to the time period. I had had a lot of fun doing that. Fact checking her witch hunt this and Goody that. I suddenly realized, but didn't tell Reggie, that I had just met a witch named Goody Sarah Something. Maybe, if things went well, I could ask Goody Sarah Something how old she was and maybe, if that title wasn't more than just tradition, ask her a few questions about things that were still up in the air about Celia's play. Such as, what color were the buckles on their shoes? During the witch hunts, did famine ensue because everybody was too busy freaking out to do their jobs? Can a baby be a witch? Would the reaction to a same-sex makeout sesh be more like a modern fundie, or like mind blowing confusion? These things mattered, because science. \par
I told Reggie about the questions I had, just leaving out the part about, you know, potentially getting to ask a real witch. He thought they were great questions to raise.\par
Then, he told me he was getting his car soon, which I had been hearing about for a few months. And that he wanted to drive across the country to New York, which I'd heard him entertain once or twice. And then that he wanted to stop off in my dinky little Oklahoma town and say hello for a day. Which I had never heard. \par
"that woukd be really fun," I sent. \par
"fall break is coming up," he replied.\par
"in like 2 weeks!\par
thats so soon"\par
"i could do it though. it would work."\par
"ok yeah. i gotta ask my mom. youll probly have to sleep in the spare room."\par
"if not i could probly sleep in my car. its pretty big!"\par
It was pretty big. It was a hand me down minivan. He had sent me a picture of it called, "mom_van.jpg"\par
"ok well. i hope u get to come! ur awesome. ive gotta sleep." It was 4:28 am and I was finally ready to sleep, a whole two hours and two minutes before my alarm was set to go off. Joy!\par
I can't remember what dreams I had, but I woke up feeling dread. \par
--\par
The next Thursday at lunch I was, for yet another consecutive day, too exhausted to interact with my friends. They both seemed to be getting progressively more upset about it. Celia, always worried, was asking me if I was alright, if I was sick, if I was hungover or high (heaven forbid!). Cole was less mothering and more judgemental. I was kind of over it. Without a word, while Cole was midsentence about me needing to get control of my life, I lifted my lifeless corpe out of the seat by pressing up off the table with my hands, leaned over, hissed, "everything, is \i fine\i0 ," and walked away. \par
I left the cafeteria and went out to sit alone on the grass somewhere. There was a pretty sizeable open grassy area filled with people milling about, sitting, running. I would have liked to sit in the shade there during lunches, but Cole inexplicably preferred to eat under harsh, exhauting flourescents. Whatever. \par
I sat down at the base of a big tree near the edge of the area and dug in my backpack for my mp3 player and my math book. It was a Joni Mitchell kind of afternoon. I pressed the play button and started working on a math problem I didn't understand. \par
After about five minutes, there was a light tap on my shoulder. I looked up. It was Sven. \par
I plucked a bud out of my earhole and glared up at him. The last thing I needed today was a god damned Elf deciding to break his two year beating me up hiatus. I was having a confusing, difficult day already, thanks to sleep deprivation and having recently made a whole bunch of dangerous magical friends. I might just hit the fucker. "What," I said curtly.\par
"Whoa kid. I just want to talk." \par
Kid? Kid! The nerve. "I'm busy."\par
"No, listen, please?" I sighed. I was a sucker for the magic word.\par
"Okay fine. What."\par
Sven sat down next to me and gazed with furrowed brow at the ground. "So. Ham told me I should apologize. And I said no at first but then I thought about it." Whoa, wait up. Sven Sorensen, the violent football brute, thinking? Alright, I'd take it. "If we're gonna be hanging out I guess we shouldn't hate teach other."\par
I was pissed. It wasn't like I was all that resentful anymore. I'd had two years to calm down. But I wasn't really in the mood to be friends with Sven. I didn't think I'd ever be. \par
We'd been great friends from the time I moved to Stillwater in seventh grade. He was the first friend I'd made and the best one I'd had for a couple years. We had built lego houses together, pretended to be characters from our favorite books together, and even gone as peanut butter and jelly for Halloween the first year we were friends. It had all been so very picturesque. \par
Then in ninth grade, a bad thing had happened. I was at home after school one day, having a very quaint perfect midwestern first secret same sex kiss with a cute boy from school, and Sven, who was invited over any time and didn't always have the common decency to knock, walked into my bedroom. He had been getting very tall and could have passed for 18 if he had wanted to, and had been getting pretty pissy and violent with me over the past few months. Puberty was a terrible fate, my undeveloped self had been thinking, and as I unlocked my lips from this cute boy (which had felt nice but had not really rocked my world in a sexual way yet, a la "underdeveloped self,") Sven towered at least a foot and a half above me. \par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj He had gotten very upset and shouted, using that word I didn't like, for the first time in a series of hundreds to come. Then he'd bolted, leaving me as fast as he'd gleefully swung open that door to tell me something that he'd never quite spit out. He left me alone in my room, leaving behind a cute boy who now disgusted me, a slouching posture, and a disappointed expression. At the time I had thought he was just confused but that he'd come around.\par
He didn't come around immediately, though, and so I made new friends. That's when I met Cole and Celia. One Wednesday afternoon I'd come to Swinerd's classroom to drop off the script for a scene I'd just finished working in her drama class. Drama club was in session, and Swinerd asked me to stay because she, "saw something in me." I didn't think she really saw anything in me, but it was part of her aesthetic image as an actress to be verily mysterious, to see a spark in people. She hadn't always been a drama teacher, we all knew. She had once been an aspiring actress, a "starlet," as she described herself. And it was apparent in the way that she helped us deliver lines, perfect accents, and in that terrible, awful demo reel she showed whenever she got a chance. That fateful demo reel had sparked the invention of a new verb, "to swiner," usually used in the past tense, such as, "I totally swiner'd that math test, bro." It meant, of course, to fail the heck out of a thing. \par
Swinerd's intimidating swinerness aside, I met Cole that day. He'd been inviting and kind and had facilitated me not feeling awkward and singlular that first day. That was a pretty hard thing to do, for me, but Cole had a knack. Of course, I'd later learn that he also had a pretty good knack for making me want to die in a hole, so uh. Every rose has its thorn. \par
Now, Cole and Celia and I were very close friends and it was four years later. Cole was the mascot, Celia was the vice president, and I was the treasurer of the drama club, not that there was much cold hard cash filtering through my fingers, so I wasn'y really required to show up all the time. I did anyway, though, because it was where my friends were. \par
But were my friends concentrated at the Ham hole now? I wasn't entirely sure, as I was still juggling my fear with endearment to the entire group. \par
Anyhow, after about three months, my silence broke with Sven in the form of him approaching me at my locker after school one day. I thought he was there to be sorry, that he'd taken some time to think about what he'd done and that we were gonna be cool again, but that wasn't the case at all. He was a little taller, his hair was a little longer, his voice a little lower and his grimace a little deeper. I said "hi," he said "shut up," and he threw me against a locker with a strength that bruised my shoulder purple and then black and then green and then yellow, and shook my head so hard that looking back, I think I suffered an undiagnosed concussion. These injuries were easy for me to shamefully hide from my parents, but not all of them were. Sometimes he punched me in places that were obvious and once he pushed me down outside, scraping my face on the sidewalk. \par
Those had not been easy times for me. The fact that my queerness was common knowledge now, thanks to Sven, was the hardest. I'd gone from being the weird kid who everbody thought was a Vampire to being the definitely gay definitely Vampire. As often as I denied both of these false claims, I was creamed by Sven, and not in the way I maybe would have liked. \par
In addition to being an outcasted gay Vampire, I was down one best friend and up one violent jock. I was starting to struggle in school for the first time ever (thanks to geometry) and my dad took a lot of convincing that I wasn't a bad person now that I was gay, forget me trying to get him to believe that I \i wasn't gay\i0 . My mom, Cole, and Celia were the things that held me together during that time, but as much help as they offered and as consistently supportive they were in my quest to be okay, I barely remained zipped up and intact for a while.\par
I can't say that I didn't resent Sven for all that. He had, after all, been a pretty big catalyst in the catawampusness of my life. He'd outed me, started rumors, beat me up almost on the daily, and left me without a best friend. As much as I liked Cole and Celia, Sven had been a little different. Actually, I was sure that was part of why he was channeling his homophobic rage at me. It's all well and good to have a touchy feely guy best friend, unless he's a wretched boy kisser and you're trying to be popular. I sort of blamed myself for his preceived masculinity deficit. \par
The violence had lasted for two years, with me too weak of heart to fight back once, until the last day of sophomore year. It was about to be summer so Sven was going to beat me up hard enough to satisfy him for the rest of the summer. He'd been alluding to it for the past month or so, between whatever sorts of creative rubbish he'd dreamed up to satisfy his bloodlust for that particular day. I knew to expect the worst that day and I'd almost even decided to try and arm myself. That would be bad, though, I had finally convinced myself. Anything short of murdering the jerk would send him back with even harder blows. Little me against giant old Sven could never work out anyhow. I resigned myself to take it and I did my best to keep the anxiety invisible from outside.\par
The day came that was to be the day of my demise. Sven glared at me in the hall and I wasn't even strong enough to glare black. If that sort of thing happened to me now I'd whoop an Elf half to hell, but when I was a sophomore I was all about flight rather than fight. And not even flight all the time, often I just stood, sat, or lay there and took it. \par
As promised, the violence that day was especially brutal. He beat me up with his fists. They were harder fists than I thought a boy his size (growing every day) should have, but I didn't have a lot for comparison. Unfortunately for Sven, he sort of forgot the part about not marring my face with fist prints. \par
While miraculously no one ever saw him in the act of pummeling me, this one left no question as to what had befallen me. I didn't trip on a curb, I didn't hit my head on a tree (I had everyone convinced at this point that I was constantly daydreaming and forgetting how to walk), I had a fist mark on my cheekbone. And my dad, after having kept quiet for what everyone agrees is too long, interrogated the culprit out of me and had Sven suspended from footbal in the school district for the entirety of his junior year. I think that tought him his lesson, though trashcans on campus did begin mysteriously going up in flame after that. \par
So we can just say that we didn't end on good terms. I mean, I ended on good terms; I had my physical health and bodily safety back. It was definitely preferable not to get beat up twice or three times a week by a tall Norwegian kid with a fist of steel. Sven, not being able to channel his rage into football or queer bashing for a year, seemed to channel it into getting impossibly tall and pointy and really, really seething with rage. I mean, with him sitting beside me now, I could almost see it boiling off him like summer heat shimmers. \par
Yeah. After all that utter, terrible, ruinous crap, I was sitting next to the very Sven of my waking nightmares. And I wasn't really happy with him. I was more into Joni Mitchell right about then.\par
"Maybe it's too late for us not to hate each other," I muttered to the awful, tall blonde guy who was towering beside me on the grass against the old tree. \par
"Come on, just hear me out!" He spoke like I was acting unreasonable and I directed a disappointed gaze toward his face. "Please."\par
I exhaled through my teeth and did my best to let it go. "Okay. Fine. What."\par
"Okay, thank you! Okay. First off! I'm a god damn Elf." I mimicked surprise. "I'm like a fucking gay fruit roll up of every single gay superpower there is. I can shoot glitter. From my fingertips." He disdainfully demonstrated this, and it was impressive but I still had to try not to laugh. "Second, Sam, I went to your house that last day we were friends and it was the day I found out I was a god damn gay-ass Elf. I went home and my mom was like,  'Yeah Sven, you're a gay fucking Elf,' and what the fuck was I supposed to do then? Go to my room and be like 'Yeah!'? No, I went to my best friend's house and you were macking on that James fucker! Licking his face and shit. And here's a little fact about James, he's an \i asshole\i0  and you can do better, and I've wanted to say that for a long time, and now I did." \par
I realized I'd been holding my breath and bracing myself back away from his increasingly exaperated frothing over. I let it go and I said, "Okay." \par
"What am I supposed to do? Just be a fucking Elf and be okay with that? No way, I'm a man and I've gotta do man shit. I'm a man-ass man. Okay?"\par
"Okay," I repeated. I was surprised that I'd hit the nail right on the head, except about the Elf thing, of course. \par
"Also, check this shit out." He lifted a lock of pale hair off his hear and exposed, true to what all folklore and legend might suggest, an ear that came to a very fey point. "Why couldn't you get the gay superpowers?" He lamented rudely.\par
"Hey I object, that's not fair. I didn't choose this. And I'm not gay."\par
"Who fucking cares about fair?" he yelled at the sky. "I win football with sonic blasts, that sounds like it should be in gay porn! Fair isn't real, you asshole."\par
I sighed and slouched. "Okay."\par
"Okay?"\par
"Yeah. Okay."\par
I thought about Sven, realizing he was an Elf at the same time I realized I wanted to kiss boys, and I thought about how hard that had been for me, even though most of that difficulty had totally been his fault. At least my headfish all swam in the same direction. Sven was all over the place. What I had initially thought to be excess testosterone had, in fact, been budding supernatural powers coupled with um. Testosterone. Okay. It wasn't easy to look at Sven and think, "sure, that guy's totally not an asshole!" but I guessed, illogically, even though I realized there'd been no apology, I hated Sven a little less.\par
I didn't not hate Sven, but I hated him less. \par
And that was progress.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 I couldn't sleep again. Luckily, Reggie was there to talk to me. We didn't talk about the fact that I had just made a lot of supernatural friends, thank goodness. We talked about normal stuff. School, college apps, parents being intrusive. His parents were a lot worse than mine and liked to try to break into his computer and read his history. We spent a while messaging warnings to his parents back and forth in all caps. "IF YOURE READING THIS...TURN BACK NOW! OR ELSE!" \par
We talked about his friends and mine. He had this friend named Michelle who had named all the dance moves from this video game, and he told me about some of them. The most popular by far, he asserted, was one called "Ooh, My Pelvis Is A Choo-Choo Train." Apparently people Reggie didn't even recognize had started to do this move. It sounded hilarious. \par
I told him about Celia's new play about the time travelling Puritans. She and I both thought that time period was interesting, and I had helped proofread her play and make sure it was mostly appropriate to the time period. I had had a lot of fun doing that. Fact checking her witch hunt this and Goody that. I suddenly realized, but didn't tell Reggie, that I had just met a witch named Goody Sarah Something. Maybe, if things went well, I could ask Goody Sarah Something how old she was and maybe, if that title wasn't more than just tradition, ask her a few questions about things that were still up in the air about Celia's play. Such as, what color were the buckles on their shoes? During the witch hunts, did famine ensue because everybody was too busy freaking out to do their jobs? Can a baby be a witch? Would the reaction to a same-sex makeout sesh be more like a modern fundie, or like mind blowing confusion? These things mattered, because science. \par
I told Reggie about the questions I had, just leaving out the part about, you know, potentially getting to ask a real witch. He thought they were great questions to raise.\par
Then, he told me he was getting his car soon, which I had been hearing about for a few months. And that he wanted to drive across the country to New York, which I'd heard him entertain once or twice. And then that he wanted to stop off in my dinky little Oklahoma town and say hello for a day. Which I had never heard. \par
"that woukd be really fun," I sent. \par
"fall break is coming up," he replied.\par
"in like 2 weeks!\par
thats so soon"\par
"i could do it though. it would work."\par
"ok yeah. i gotta ask my mom. youll probly have to sleep in the spare room."\par
"if not i could probly sleep in my car. its pretty big!"\par
It was pretty big. It was a hand me down minivan. He had sent me a picture of it called, "mom_van.jpg"\par
"ok well. i hope u get to come! ur awesome. ive gotta sleep." It was 4:28 am and I was finally ready to sleep, a whole two hours and two minutes before my alarm was set to go off. Joy!\par
I can't remember what dreams I had, but I woke up feeling dread. \par
--\par
The next Thursday at lunch I was, for yet another consecutive day, too exhausted to interact with my friends. They both seemed to be getting progressively more upset about it. Celia, always worried, was asking me if I was alright, if I was sick, if I was hungover or high (heaven forbid!). Cole was less mothering and more judgemental. I was kind of over it. Without a word, while Cole was midsentence about me needing to get control of my life, I lifted my lifeless corpe out of the seat by pressing up off the table with my hands, leaned over, hissed, "everything, is \i fine\i0 ," and walked away. \par
I left the cafeteria and went out to sit alone on the grass somewhere. There was a pretty sizeable open grassy area filled with people milling about, sitting, running. I would have liked to sit in the shade there during lunches, but Cole inexplicably preferred to eat under harsh, exhauting flourescents. Whatever. \par
I sat down at the base of a big tree near the edge of the area and dug in my backpack for my mp3 player and my math book. It was a Joni Mitchell kind of afternoon. I pressed the play button and started working on a math problem I didn't understand. \par
After about five minutes, there was a light tap on my shoulder. I looked up. It was Sven. \par
I plucked a bud out of my earhole and glared up at him. The last thing I needed today was a god damned Elf deciding to break his two year beating me up hiatus. I was having a confusing, difficult day already, thanks to sleep deprivation and having recently made a whole bunch of dangerous magical friends. I might just hit the fucker. "What," I said curtly.\par
"Whoa kid. I just want to talk." \par
Kid? Kid! The nerve. "I'm busy."\par
"No, listen, please?" I sighed. I was a sucker for the magic word.\par
"Okay fine. What."\par
Sven sat down next to me and gazed with furrowed brow at the ground. "So. Ham told me I should apologize. And I said no at first but then I thought about it." Whoa, wait up. Sven Sorensen, the violent football brute, thinking? Alright, I'd take it. "If we're gonna be hanging out I guess we shouldn't hate teach other."\par
I was pissed. It wasn't like I was all that resentful anymore. I'd had two years to calm down. But I wasn't really in the mood to be friends with Sven. I didn't think I'd ever be. \par
We'd been great friends from the time I moved to Stillwater in seventh grade. He was the first friend I'd made and the best one I'd had for a couple years. We had built lego houses together, pretended to be characters from our favorite books together, and even gone as peanut butter and jelly for Halloween the first year we were friends. It had all been so very picturesque. \par
Then in ninth grade, a bad thing had happened. I was at home after school one day, having a very quaint perfect midwestern first secret same sex kiss with a cute boy from school, and Sven, who was invited over any time and didn't always have the common decency to knock, walked into my bedroom. He had been getting very tall and could have passed for 18 if he had wanted to, and had been getting pretty pissy and violent with me over the past few months. Puberty was a terrible fate, my undeveloped self had been thinking, and as I unlocked my lips from this cute boy (which had felt nice but had not really rocked my world in a sexual way yet, a la "underdeveloped self,") Sven towered at least a foot and a half above me. \par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj He had gotten very upset and shouted, using that word I didn't like, for the first time in a series of hundreds to come. Then he'd bolted, leaving me as fast as he'd gleefully swung open that door to tell me something that he'd never quite spit out. He left me alone in my room, leaving behind a cute boy who now disgusted me, a slouching posture, and a disappointed expression. At the time I had thought he was just confused but that he'd come around.\par
He didn't come around immediately, though, and so I made new friends. That's when I met Cole and Celia. One Wednesday afternoon I'd come to Swinerd's classroom to drop off the script for a scene I'd just finished working in her drama class. Drama club was in session, and Swinerd asked me to stay because she, "saw something in me." I didn't think she really saw anything in me, but it was part of her aesthetic image as an actress to be verily mysterious, to see a spark in people. She hadn't always been a drama teacher, we all knew. She had once been an aspiring actress, a "starlet," as she described herself. And it was apparent in the way that she helped us deliver lines, perfect accents, and in that terrible, awful demo reel she showed whenever she got a chance. That fateful demo reel had sparked the invention of a new verb, "to swiner," usually used in the past tense, such as, "I totally swiner'd that math test, bro." It meant, of course, to fail the heck out of a thing. \par
Swinerd's intimidating swinerness aside, I met Cole that day. He'd been inviting and kind and had facilitated me not feeling awkward and singlular that first day. That was a pretty hard thing to do, for me, but Cole had a knack. Of course, I'd later learn that he also had a pretty good knack for making me want to die in a hole, so uh. Every rose has its thorn. \par
Now, Cole and Celia and I were very close friends and it was four years later. Cole was the mascot, Celia was the vice president, and I was the treasurer of the drama club, not that there was much cold hard cash filtering through my fingers, so I wasn'y really required to show up all the time. I did anyway, though, because it was where my friends were. \par
But were my friends concentrated at the Ham hole now? I wasn't entirely sure, as I was still juggling my fear with endearment to the entire group. \par
Anyhow, after about three months, my silence broke with Sven in the form of him approaching me at my locker after school one day. I thought he was there to be sorry, that he'd taken some time to think about what he'd done and that we were gonna be cool again, but that wasn't the case at all. He was a little taller, his hair was a little longer, his voice a little lower and his grimace a little deeper. I said "hi," he said "shut up," and he threw me against a locker with a strength that bruised my shoulder purple and then black and then green and then yellow, and shook my head so hard that looking back, I think I suffered an undiagnosed concussion. These injuries were easy for me to shamefully hide from my parents, but not all of them were. Sometimes he punched me in places that were obvious and once he pushed me down outside, scraping my face on the sidewalk. \par
Those had not been easy times for me. The fact that my queerness was common knowledge now, thanks to Sven, was the hardest. I'd gone from being the weird kid who everbody thought was a Vampire to being the definitely gay definitely Vampire. As often as I denied both of these false claims, I was creamed by Sven, and not in the way I maybe would have liked. \par
In addition to being an outcasted gay Vampire, I was down one best friend and up one violent jock. I was starting to struggle in school for the first time ever (thanks to geometry) and my dad took a lot of convincing that I wasn't a bad person now that I was gay, forget me trying to get him to believe that I \i wasn't gay\i0 . My mom, Cole, and Celia were the things that held me together during that time, but as much help as they offered and as consistently supportive they were in my quest to be okay, I barely remained zipped up and intact for a while.\par
I can't say that I didn't resent Sven for all that. He had, after all, been a pretty big catalyst in the catawampusness of my life. He'd outed me, started rumors, beat me up almost on the daily, and left me without a best friend. As much as I liked Cole and Celia, Sven had been a little different. Actually, I was sure that was part of why he was channeling his homophobic rage at me. It's all well and good to have a touchy feely guy best friend, unless he's a wretched boy kisser and you're trying to be popular. I sort of blamed myself for his preceived masculinity deficit. \par
The violence had lasted for two years, with me too weak of heart to fight back once, until the last day of sophomore year. It was about to be summer so Sven was going to beat me up hard enough to satisfy him for the rest of the summer. He'd been alluding to it for the past month or so, between whatever sorts of creative rubbish he'd dreamed up to satisfy his bloodlust for that particular day. I knew to expect the worst that day and I'd almost even decided to try and arm myself. That would be bad, though, I had finally convinced myself. Anything short of murdering the jerk would send him back with even harder blows. Little me against giant old Sven could never work out anyhow. I resigned myself to take it and I did my best to keep the anxiety invisible from outside.\par
The day came that was to be the day of my demise. Sven glared at me in the hall and I wasn't even strong enough to glare black. If that sort of thing happened to me now I'd whoop an Elf half to hell, but when I was a sophomore I was all about flight rather than fight. And not even flight all the time, often I just stood, sat, or lay there and took it. \par
As promised, the violence that day was especially brutal. He beat me up with his fists. They were harder fists than I thought a boy his size (growing every day) should have, but I didn't have a lot for comparison. Unfortunately for Sven, he sort of forgot the part about not marring my face with fist prints. \par
While miraculously no one ever saw him in the act of pummeling me, this one left no question as to what had befallen me. I didn't trip on a curb, I didn't hit my head on a tree (I had everyone convinced at this point that I was constantly daydreaming and forgetting how to walk), I had a fist mark on my cheekbone. And my dad, after having kept quiet for what everyone agrees is too long, interrogated the culprit out of me and had Sven suspended from footbal in the school district for the entirety of his junior year. I think that tought him his lesson, though trashcans on campus did begin mysteriously going up in flame after that. \par
So we can just say that we didn't end on good terms. I mean, I ended on good terms; I had my physical health and bodily safety back. It was definitely preferable not to get beat up twice or three times a week by a tall Norwegian kid with a fist of steel. Sven, not being able to channel his rage into football or queer bashing for a year, seemed to channel it into getting impossibly tall and pointy and really, really seething with rage. I mean, with him sitting beside me now, I could almost see it boiling off him like summer heat shimmers. \par
Yeah. After all that utter, terrible, ruinous crap, I was sitting next to the very Sven of my waking nightmares. And I wasn't really happy with him. I was more into Joni Mitchell right about then.\par
"Maybe it's too late for us not to hate each other," I muttered to the awful, tall blonde guy who was towering beside me on the grass against the old tree. \par
"Come on, just hear me out!" He spoke like I was acting unreasonable and I directed a disappointed gaze toward his face. "Please."\par
I exhaled through my teeth and did my best to let it go. "Okay. Fine. What."\par
"Okay, thank you! Okay. First off! I'm a god damn Elf." I mimicked surprise. "I'm like a fucking gay fruit roll up of every single gay superpower there is. I can shoot glitter. From my fingertips." He disdainfully demonstrated this, and it was impressive but I still had to try not to laugh. "Second, Sam, I went to your house that last day we were friends and it was the day I found out I was a god damn gay-ass Elf. I went home and my mom was like,  'Yeah Sven, you're a gay fucking Elf,' and what the fuck was I supposed to do then? Go to my room and be like 'Yeah!'? No, I went to my best friend's house and you were macking on that James fucker! Licking his face and shit. And here's a little fact about James, he's an \i asshole\i0  and you can do better, and I've wanted to say that for a long time, and now I did." \par
I realized I'd been holding my breath and bracing myself back away from his increasingly exaperated frothing over. I let it go and I said, "Okay." \par
"What am I supposed to do? Just be a fucking Elf and be okay with that? No way, I'm a man and I've gotta do man shit. I'm a man-ass man. Okay?"\par
"Okay," I repeated. I was surprised that I'd hit the nail right on the head, except about the Elf thing, of course. \par
"Also, check this shit out." He lifted a lock of pale hair off his hear and exposed, true to what all folklore and legend might suggest, an ear that came to a very fey point. "Why couldn't you get the gay superpowers?" He lamented rudely.\par
"Hey I object, that's not fair. I didn't choose this. And I'm not gay."\par
"Who fucking cares about fair?" he yelled at the sky. "I win football with sonic blasts, that sounds like it should be in gay porn! Fair isn't real, you asshole."\par
I sighed and slouched. "Okay."\par
"Okay?"\par
"Yeah. Okay."\par
I thought about Sven, realizing he was an Elf at the same time I realized I wanted to kiss boys, and I thought about how hard that had been for me, even though most of that difficulty had totally been his fault. At least my headfish all swam in the same direction. Sven was all over the place. What I had initially thought to be excess testosterone had, in fact, been budding supernatural powers coupled with um. Testosterone. Okay. It wasn't easy to look at Sven and think, "sure, that guy's totally not an asshole!" but I guessed, illogically, even though I realized there'd been no apology, I hated Sven a little less.\par
I didn't not hate Sven, but I hated him less. \par
And that was progress.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 