{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Chapter 1\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 I got home and there were people picketing the sidewalk in front of my house again. Big signs and chanting and all that. I walked up the sidewalk, tried to ignore them screaming my name in between mean things. It's not my problem, you know? You'd think after six years they'd find something more effective, as their following is still only about ten members. \par
They used to write on the garage with spraypaint, pentagrams and stuff. And they used to egg my mom's car, teepee the tree in front of the house. They don't do that anymore because some of them got caught and stuck with big fines and community service hours. My parents used to get calls warning them to purge the demon from their household. We'd get followed and people would come to the door, as well. Those people have got restraining orders against them at this point. They mostly stick with the legal stuff now. Picketing the sidewalk in front of the house and publishing ads in local papers, not using my name because that's slander, but making sure it's clear that they're talking about me. \par
You know, it's not the worst fate. Not a lot of people are seniors in high school and already have entire activist groups devoted to their own demise. It's...it's very metal. It's something I will tell my children someday and it will both teach them not to bully, cause that's wrong, and also give them massive respect for their old pa. At this point we've weeded out enough of the dangerous crap that these people pull that I've just grown accustomed to it being a thing I live with.\par
As I walked up the sidewalk, a new face, one I'd never seen before, burst from the regular circling picketing ranks. She was a squat, middle aged white woman with thinning grey hair, a lime green shirt, ill-fitting blue jeans and white nurse shoes. She sort of scurried towards me with this look on her face that I wish I could better put into words. Her mouth was like a kidney bean, turned the upset way. A clownlike caricature of anger. Her eyes were small and squinting under unkempt grey eyebrows. Was her little nose running? What passion! She grabbed the strap of my backpack with a squat hand and I went "Whoa! Back off!" \par
"Vampire fag!" she screamed in a warbling high pitch. I hadn't heard that one in a while. I bared my teeth and hissed half-assedly for good measure. She backed off immediately, going from sort of kneeling and pulling on my strap to sitting on the grass being a hysterical mess. \par
"Listen lady," I crooned mysteriously, laying it on thick. "Don't use that word on me, okay? It's not a nice thing to call anybody." I bared my teeth again. She didn't look immediately convinced so I leaned in really close and I whispered intensely, "something bad might happen to you." Then I laughed, half because it would be intimidateing and half because what was happening was hilarious.\par
She screamed loud and long and tearful like she had just lost a child and I kid you not, crawled on hands and knees back to the ranks, which dispersed pretty quickly after that. I dug for the key in my bag and went into the picturesque little midwestern house. My mom was inside at the table, reading a book. Misty ran up to me and stretched her paws up my leg, chirping. \par
"Hey, kitty," I sang. I picked her up and kissed her head. She purred contentedly.\par
"Hey, did they get you?" my mom asked without looking up from her book. \par
"Yeah, actually," I said. "One of them totally came up and called me a fag to my face. I hissed at her though." \par
Her attention snapped away from the book as soon as I said that not nice word. "Oh geez, Sam, I'm sorry that happened. People are gross." \par
There was a pause and I said, "They left though. I'm gonna go finish my homework. Want me to help with dinner later?" I really liked my mom. She was good news.\par
"I'm thinking of just ordering a pizza. What do you want on it?" \par
"Blood!" I joked with my tongue out. We laughed. "Just plain cheese sounds awesome," I corrected. I went upstairs to get started on my homework. \par
In between tedious math problems that night I chatted with Reggie, this guy I had met on a forum for a band I liked. He was totally cute, shorter than me with wavy brown hair and freckles on his nose. He understood me, and I liked to think I understood him too. We were kind of into each other but he lived in California. I liked to act jealous to flatter him. We were talking about our respective homeworks and how not very cool they were. I was working on logarithms and he was working on, I don't know, space astronaut equations. He was in very high math. I think it was past calculus, if that even exists. He was helping me out a little, which was nice. He never made me feel stupid or incompetent. He made me feel like I could do anything, but math was just one of those things I should accept as not being a strong suit. It was hard, coming from a mom who used to be a physicist and a dad who was a doctor. Both of them had Ph.D's and I was taking Algebra 2 for the second time in hopes of pulling a D (for Diploma). I was fantastic in English, art, and History. But so was Reggie and so were my parents. Reggie was the only person who didn't make me feel inadequate about it. \par
Reggie went off to eat dinner and for a bit I was left alone to my very hard but now slightly more sensible devices. Eventually my computer blooped with a message from my friend Aubrey, who I had met at a yoga class about a year prior. We had both found it hilarious that the teacher used his bulldog, Captain, as an example of presence and relaxation. "Captain is an awesome guy," he'd say. "When Captain is there, sprawled out in the living room, he is \i really \i0 doing it. Captain is fully committed to relaxing, and there's no tension in his neck or back." It was the most genuine thing either of us had heard all day, and also the most whimsical. Aubrey is almost always whimsical and genuine, too, and that's why I like her so much. Also, I had found out that same night that her favorite genre of music was ambient folk-pop, too. And she was also very sun-sensitive, and we used the same brand of sunscreen, because it wasn't greasy. I think on the day we met we were already best friends. We still do yoga together, and we still go to that teacher with the bulldog and we still sort of reach across our mats when he asks us to "channel Captain" and grab hands and give a little squeeze in lieu of laughing. \par
I told Aubrey about the thing that happened in the yard and she thought it was priceless. "someone should make a show about u!" she messaged me. \par
"no way, too shy," I sent back.\par
The computer dinged with her reply but before I had a chance to see it there was a boisterous holler downstairs. It was my dad ambling through the front door and reacting to the pizza, which I hadn't noticed had arrived. "So good!" I heard him yell. What a guy. \par
I went downstairs to meet the parents for pizza. The news was on. Top stories included correlation between obesity and school grades, a cat who had learned to ride a small tricycle, and then...me. Not me exactly me, it was the woman at whom I had hissed earlier, interviewed down the street from my house. Apparently she had called the news first, 911 second, with harkings of vampire assault. Well, one thing I did have to say for my crummy little town was the lack of drama. If the news had to rely on supernatural speculation in order to have enough stories to fill up half an hour, that was fine by me. \par
My mom grunted as soon as she heard the little woman's snivelling little voice say "vampire" and picked up the remote to change the channel, for my benefit I assumed. "Don't, I want to see this," I said.\par
"He leaned in close and I could smell the blood in his vile mouth," whine-squeaked the woman on the TV. "He told me he was gonna kill me and I felt...I felt the weight of his evil heavy in my heart." \par
"Oh, come on," I laughed. "Weight of what evil? I stepped on a worm the other day on the way to school; does it count as evil if it was an accident?" \par
I thought it was funny and I laughed but my parents both gave me that stern look they do sometimes when they are probably way too worried. "Sam, do we need to leave?" asked my dad for the fiftieth time. "We can leave."\par
I rolled my eyes. Not that I liked where we lived particularly, but I didn't mind it for now. I was out of high school in less than a year, and my dad living here facilitated him having the best job he could hope for. Apparently Oklahoma was positively dying for competent ER doctors and willing to pay top dollar for anybody who fit the bill. Dad worked 25 hours a week, mom didn't work at all, and we lived in a nice little house in a clean little town with plenty of everything we needed. I understood that and every time I thought about being the reason my family left their stable, easy little life, I felt guilty. On top of that, I had Aubrey and a couple friends at school who I'd miss sorely if we were to go. So we didn't need to leave. \par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 "Dad. It was funny. That woman is crazy. Why would that matter?" I felt like I was trying so hard to prove that I didn't care that it seemed like I was hurt about it. Especially when Mom looked at me with the biggest, most caring brown eyes, her black hair with grey curling in all directions and her pink lips pulled back in a concerned frown. It was too much. I slouched and took another slice of pizza before yanking the remote out of my dad's pale hand and changing the channel to funny home videos. \par
}
 