{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Chapter 4\par
I couldn't relax that night at yoga. Even Aubrey noticed that I couldn't soften my shoulders during warrior, I couldn't keep my balance during tree pose, I couldn't stop fidgeting during child's pose. The instructor, Buddy, the one with the dog, kept coming up and adjusting my moves. I just couldn't channel Captain, couldn't get my head away from Ham. Why was there a sasquatch living in my town? Why was he friends with Carl and Melody and, ugh, Sven? I reminded myself that I still wasn't sure if it was the same Sven who had joyfully smacked me around every day for two years. More importantly than potentially hanging out with my arch nemesis, however, was the question: why was the town Sasquatch hanging out with those kids? I didn't know about Carl (he was so strange) but Melody sure had friends, as did Sven. Did they know Ham was a sasquatch? Could they not know? \par
I thought about Carl's slow speech, his pallid, greyish face, his cloudy eyes and his awkward movement. Melody's uncannily sexy body, her enchanting, lyrical voice, the charm she sent out over me like, I don't know, tear gas. Napalm. I thought about Sven, who I hadn't seen up close in a while. We went to the same school but I did my best to give him the kind of space a restraining order would warrant. Sven was very tall, with sharp features. He was really spectacular at football (but shaped more like a soccer player) and really spectacularly angry, from what I saw and heard, all of the time. He hadn't used to be like that when we were friends. He had started getting really tall and really homophobic at the same time, in around ninth grade. I didn't think those things were related. \par
I thought about all these strange, strange humans who were friends with Ham. I thought about these humans for a good while, while holding my arms out, stepping my feet out as wide as my wrists, turning my left leg out at the hip and pulling my right toes in to face 10 o'clock on the mat. Thought about the humans as I was wrapping my outer upper arms in, pulling my quadriceps off my knees. Humans as I was pulling my tailbone down and softening my butt. Humans as I pulled through a vinyasa and ended up in downward dog. Humans, humans, it echoed in my mind like a mantra with each ujjayi breath. And then, finally, as I tried to quiet my mind in savasana, it hit me. What do a real Sasquatch, a kid who acts undead, a kid with uncanny sexual prowess, and a kid who is...tall and homophobic all have in common? \par
They weren't humans. Except maybe Sven.\par
Whatever they were, they were probably not humans. That was what held them together. Of course it was. Gosh, and I thought I was fairly endowed in the common sense department. \par
No, it was okay. None of this stuff was real. I spent much of my life reminding myself of that. Now that maybe it was all real, there was some adjusting to do. It wasn't an insult to my common sense that I didn't look at Carl the first time, with his frustratingly slow nature and his slightly fishy smell, and think, "zombie!" Was Carl a zombie? Did I know a zombie? Wow. My heart started pounding and my throat got a little tighter. Just then, Buddy spoke softly. \par
"Alright my yogis, slowly come back into the breath. Wiggle your fingers and toes and, when you're ready, roll off onto the right side."\par
Thank goodness.\par
After class, Aubrey asked me what the problem was. "What got into you today, dude?" she asked.\par
I shrugged it off. "I couldn't welcome the spirit of Captain today!" I joked as sincerely as I could.\par
"Haha, we all have those days I guess. Anyhow, have I told you what Brian said yesterday? About cats?"\par
"Nooooo."\par
"My kitties changed his mind about kitties! He didn't used to like them, did I tell you that?" She had told me that a few times. \ldblquote He likes kitties now! Because of Thom and Jonny! Isn\rquote t he so sweet!\rdblquote\par
He was so sweet, I agreed. I\rquote d sort of had a crush on Brian for a while, but not now that Aubrey was this infatuated. A few days prior she had played hookey with work, yoga, and our movie plans to do I didn\rquote t want to (but did) know what with Brian. \par
\ldblquote Want a salad? It\rquote s 2 dollars off today,\rdblquote  I reminded her.\par
\ldblquote Is it Wednesday? Oh good. Of course!\rdblquote  \par
Chapter 5: Lists\par
I did not sleep at all. I had to tell somebody about all the shit that had happened that night. Aubrey was great but she wasn\rquote t the best listener. I would have gone to Reggie, but I didn\rquote t want him to judge me. That was silly because he knew more about me than Aubrey, Cole or Celia did. As much as I loved them all, it was sort of different with Reggie. He was the one person who had it all laid out on the table. Even as honest as I was with him, though, I wasn\rquote t really ready to say something potentially crazy. As silly as it sounds, Reggie definitely didn\rquote t think I was a vampire (more than I could always say for Cole and Celia, who both still made jokes about it sometimes, and Aubrey, who didn\rquote t even really know to what extent the madness went). I didn\rquote t want to tell Reggie that suddenly, all I had ever said (and sometimes tearfully ranted) about the supernatural being completely ridiculous, was taken back, because I had met a Sasquatch and maybe a Zombie and a Succubus, and my biggest old frenemy was in on it somehow as well. I didn\rquote t feel good about that. So I just told Reggie that I wasn\rquote t being conversational because I was kind of depressed (but not for any real reason so he needn\rquote t worry) and had sort of hurt my shoulder during yoga. I was feeling off, and that much was true. \par
In between conversation with Reggie I muddied up my search history real good. Yesterday my last five searches were: \par
\tab make logarthms less hard\par
\tab david byrne maiden name\par
\tab bow tie easy\par
\tab how to cut your own bangs\par
\tab sufjan christmas download free \par
Now my last searches were:\par
\tab succubus qualities\par
\tab sirens\par
\tab siren beast qualities\tab\par
\tab ZOMBIE WEAKNESSES\par
\tab cold ones?\par
\tab sasquatch danger\par
\tab tall homophobic beast\par
\tab tall strong asshole supernatural\par
\tab can i be friends with m onsters\par
\tab sfjkzjfhzg\par
\tab ): happy music\par
Things I learned that night included: \par
\tab If Melody wasn\rquote t just a very sexy lady, she was probably a Siren. Sirens were depicted in popular mythology a few different ways, many of which were human-bird hybrids, because birds sing beautifully (as if someone had just said, \ldblquote Oh yeah, that seems right, let me make that up!\rdblquote  I wish!), but some versions of which just being beautiful women with seductive bodies as well as voices. Check. And, come to think of it, her dainty frame and delicate face were quite bird-like. \par
\tab If Melody was a Siren, as I was pretty sure she was, she was probably a killer. My frantic searches offered little guidance about why she would murder humans, but I suppose it wouldn\rquote t have made it better if I had known right then. \par
\tab Sirens kill by lulling people to sleep with their voices. I had some earplugs in my dresser that I had taken to wearing to concerts so as not to damage my sensitive ears. I figured I could try them out when I went to Ham\rquote s house. Possible protection against Melody was a go. Checkmate.\par
\tab If Carl wasn\rquote t just a used up stoner, he was probably, definitely, a Zombie. Obviously, that would mean that he killed people, too. I was getting pretty stressed out about all the people, beings, jerks, whatever, that I was about to hang out with being murderers. \par
\tab Zombies weren\rquote t very weak but they were sort of slow. I didn\rquote t have anything that would kill a zombie were times to get tough for old Carl and I, but I did make sure to set out clothes that were easy to run in. Didn\rquote t want my stupid tight pants to get in the way of my physical well-being. Tomorrow was a day for sweats and Doc Marten\rquote s. \par
\tab Sasquatches, apart from not being real, were the most comforting of the beasts. They liked to be left alone and tended to scare humans away rather than hurting them. Ham \i did \i0 seem reluctant to murder, I supposed. \par
\tab I took note of the fact that Sasquatches were the only mythical beasts that had any sort of \ldblquote credible sightings,\rdblquote  out of the three of them. Sirens were a Greek myth that nobody believed and Zombies were an allegory for the apocalypse. Only Sasquatches seemed to be potentially real. I made sure to keep this in mind as I sunk deeper into a state of \ldblquote my life just got irrevocably changed\rdblquote  style self pity. Ham was definitely a Sasquatch, but I still didn\rquote t have any proof other than, honestly, paranoia about the other two. And I didn\rquote t even know what I thought Sven was supposed to be. Tall and homophobic, sure, he was probably the same sort of mysterious beast my dad was. What was I thinking?\par
As the digital clock in the bottom of my screen got higher and then lower and then higher again, I went through phases of self-doubt and phases of it being all too real. I kept deciding I had better just leave it till the morning, put it out of my mind, and then I kept reading more and more, until my alarm clock across the room beeped. I took a shower and went to school.\par
\par
}
 