{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\lang9\f0\fs22 Chapter 7\par
That night, for the meeting of the mythical folk, I'd written down some questions I had bumping around my head. Because it, of course, was easier to write a list of questions I had for ghosts and witches than ones I had for Mark Twain. You know, those questions that could give me a good grade in English class.\par
Apart from Melia leaving after just a few minutes agian (I wrote down, "why does Melia leave so early? at the bottom of my questions page in ugly scrawl), and Brian the Ghost not being there at all (rumors abounded that he was on a hot date with a girl he really liked. Go Brian!), the members were the same, right down to Captain, complacently carried around under Buddy's lean arm. The setup of the meeting tonight, however, was more like a seminar than the socratic circle of last week. Goody Sarah Corey had prepared for us a very nice presentation on Human Corpse Cleanup Tips and Tricks. Thankfully, she spared us the powerpoint and went straight to the facts. \par
"Humans are...quite prone to accidents," she crowed in her scratchy little voice, pursing her lips and glaring intently around the room while doing her best and most ghoulish spirit fingers. You know, I liked Goody Corey, once I got past the old warts and smell. "Past" in this case isn't a measure of emotional acceptance, it's a literal number in feet and inches. I was at the farthest edge of the room and was perfectly comfortable here to listen to her squeak and cackle her way through a fairly aptly presented speech. "You must get rid of all traces of the murders you've inevitably committed whilst being a monster among mortals."\par
"In the past few decades, scientists have gotten very, very good at finding traces of death's juices upon your person, clothing, and belongings. You may be surprised to know that they can illumine these traces many months or even years after the passing of your dear friend, relative, neighbor, or meal." The tiny hunched woman was waddling back and forth across her small stage and using her arms to accentuate her sentences. \par
She went on like this for some time, finally finishing by reminding us that she had all of the potions, oils, scents and incantations mentioned tonight in the shed she rented from a Jewish accountant on the outskirts of town, and that she would be happy to sell us some were we to be caught in a difficult situation. \par
When she finished, there were many back pats for scary little Goody Corey and a lot more air back pats. Apparently she was taking a public speaking course at the local community college, and that had been a practice run before her midterm presentation. She had done great, we all agreed. \par
I held my tongue as everyone else who had questions or comments went ahead. Elias had a public service announcement, that the local mall's stock of sweatpants with bellbottoms was running dangerously low and everyone he talked to seemed to think they were selling off their final stock. If anyone needed a pair or two they should act sooner rather than later. This was sweatpants with bell bottoms-mageddon.\par
I waited as Finnigan told us all that he would be taking commissions (he was, apparently, a prominent local still-life painter) in exchange for gold. "Everybody's affected by this recession," he reminded us. "Even if I didn't have betta fish to feed, there's always somethin' you need and can't afford." He stepped back to his place next to Ham (who was thunderously clapping) on the couch. \par
It was my turn to ask questions, now that everyone was done. I raised my hand and Ham pointed to me and went, "Ooooh, Sam man taking stage! Ooooh!" Everyone clapped, even Sven.\par
"So I just had a few questions," I started quiety, slouching more than I meant to. "Like uh, Buddy, what are you?" \par
Buddy laughed calmly and kindly and said, "Haha, let's hope you never find out." \par
That was terrifying and unhelpful. I moved on.\par
"Why do you kill people, Melody?" I asked, my hands and voice starting to shake involuntarily. \par
"I get hungry just like you, Vampire," she smized at me and I felt a wave of lust hit me all at once. I involuntarily flared my nostrils, closed my eyes, and rocked back on my heels. \par
"Oh," I whispered and she gave my back my brain. As quickly as I'd fallen in love again, I got angry. "Melody, you have to stop doing that."\par
"Why, it's so fun," she said, smiling sideways before blowing me a kiss and giggling sweetly.\par
I was going to ask her to sing but I didn't trust her to let me live through it. I wasn't interested in being a meal, that day.\par
I left the rest of my questions unasked after that, because I was shaking and didn't really want everyone to be looking at me anymore. \par
Instead of playing Nintendo, as, Ham reiterated, we \i would\i0  be doing had Sven not broke with fist, everyone simply milled around and talked. I learned that Finnigan had betta fish in lieu of Will O The Wisps, which, aside from being hard to explain if someone were to enter his home uninvited, were a pure boggart to train out of their nasty habits. He told me about a time he'd been lured by the inviting light and narrowly escaped using a combination of song, dance, and wit. His description reminded me of something I'd read about angler fish and I wondered if there was a huge hidden beast behind the phantom bog lights as well. \par
Carl told me that he wanted to be a physicist. I told him that he could do anything he wanted, but I thought a slightly different version of that. Namely, heaven help whichever college takes him and can't give him back. \par
I realized I was hungry and didn't know how I felt about eating at Ham's house. I was fully planning on it, until I opened the fridge to see what I could see and was interrupted by Ham's big mitten closing the door for me and saying, "We no have blood if that what you look for!" I decided I should go home to eat. \par
--\par
It was only about nine when I got home, but my parents were sitting at the kitchen table waiting for me. Misty maowed longingly and I picked her up. "Hey sweet kitty girl," I cooed before looking up at the two bewildered, angry people in chairs, one of them tear streaked. \par
"Sorry," I said.\par
"It's okay," said my mom. "It's really okay that you were out, we just," she inhaled and it was broken like she was holding back tears.\par
My dad finished. "We don't know where you've been going. Between you being at school, hiding in your room, and going out at night, we haven't really seen you in weeks. We've just been talking about it."\par
My mom cut back in. "What's going on with you Sam? You look so sick and exhausted. Why don't your friends come over anymore?"\par
I tried to hide the discomfort on my face but I felt like I was failing. I realized I was hiding behind my hair and I tucked it behind an ear. I swiched and shifted my weight from foot to foot. I tried to find words explain myself but I really didn't know what to say. I wanted them to know that I was okay (just more sleepless than usual), but I really, really didn't think it was a good (or safe) idea to tell them any details about all the supernatural havoc that was my life at that point. Or the fact that Cole and Celia probably hated me and I didn't care, that I hadn't even seen Aubrey because I'd been too unsure of Buddy's murder potential to go yoga in a week (shoulders down and back in savasana is the most vulnerable I'd ever be), that Sven and I might potentially maybe definitely be talking again, or, I finished the list of friend drama in my head, that my internet boyfriend was coming to visit and would probably hate me because I was such a scattered mess these days. Shit. I'd forgotten about Reggie. We hadn't talked in almost a week, because my sleepless exhaustion had reached a point where I wasn't really capable of mustering the energy it took to interact. I laid in bed, fully dressed, on top of the covers all night staring at the cieling and thinking about all the ways my life was in immediate danger. By now, though, if all was still going according to plan, Reggie had gotten his tan minivan. He had already gotten the OK for a cross-country roadtrip with his sister Paulette. He was coming in 2 weeks. "Hey mom and dad," I ran the situation over in my head. "I've been talking online to this guy from California. He wants to come visit. Cool?" No, laughable. \par
I stood in front of my parents. They were watching every move I made and analyzing every bit of my disheveled physique. I swayed to one side slightly, looking at the floor, feeling awkward about it, looking at my parents, feeling scrutinized. Picketers I could handle, and being on the news was hilarious, but I could not deal with being watched like this. Nobody was speaking and I could feel panic rising up inside me, starting in my diaphragm and constricting everything on the way up. My mouth was dry, and I didn't know if my body was urging me to go to my room to cry or to the bathroom to vomit. My parents just looked at me. I was too tired for this. I turned to go upstairs and think about the state of my affairs. Mom called, "Oh Sam, come back. Don't go." \par
Things were changing. I had to.\par
\par
}
 