{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Chapter 3\par
I was walking home that night and was within a couple blocks of my house. It was dark; it was past six. I'd stayed for drama club. It wasn't really my thing (I just stage managed), but it was big for Cole and Celia. Cole had picked up, according to his own estimation, "so many chicks" since he started acting. He said they liked it when he wore eyeliner, and I think secretly so did he. He pretty frequently went on about how it made his eyes pop. It also didn't hurt Cole that he was talented and usually got a pretty big role. Well, big as far as lines and stage time went. Not very big in terms of how many people saw him perform who weren't parents or students bribed with extra credit. \par
Celia had far purer intentions for her craft. She wanted to go to college to study stage direction. Like me, she was happiest out of the spotlight, but she loved the stage and had a knack for blocking. She was currently in the act of pitching her newest one-act (a play about time-travelling puritans) to the drama teacher, Ms. Swindleton. It was hard because Swindles was hard, in all ways but one. She was hard to please and hard to convince and hard not to anger. Celia was good at acting like Swindles had anything valid to say, though, so she was in the running to get her play staged. That would look really good on her resume and would be a huge honor anyhow. \par
After a vaguely successful drama club, the subject of which being "Why aren't you all wearing the t-shirts we went out of our way to have made?" but the actual events of which being several kids standing on desks and singing "La Vie Boheme," then "The Cell Block Tango," then "Popular," the three of us had moseyed on to grab sandwiches and talk about stuff. I liked to think the three of us were just weird and misunderstood because nobody could taste the genius we had. High school, you know, is so stifling and measured that it's hard to be amazing. But when Celia and Cole and I walked together down the street, laughing at inside jokes and being like what we wanted to be like, I knew anybody who wasn't us was missing out. \par
 I was really deep in these nice thoughts about my friends when another person stopped me. I didn't recognize him, though. He was massively tall and thick. Thick arms, thick legs, thick torso, all wrapped up in a fair isle sweater and some jeans. It actually looked more dapper than ridiculous on him. He had longish, soft looking golden brown hair and a thick beard. His eyes were small and looked black from down where I was. He had big pink lips that covered big teeth, I saw when he smiled and greeted me as I passed him by.\par
"Hey, you that vampire!" he roared in a very, very deep voice that matched his stature. I groaned and turned around. I was just about done having my tranquil moments interrupted.\par
"No, I'm not!" I yelled at him as if he were the opposite of what he was, a small child. "Leave me alone! I don't care about cryptozoology!" I looked at him like I was his mother and he had just drawn on the wall with permanent ink. The big guy looked at me like someone of equal girth or maybe a steel robot's fist had just punched him in the chest. Were his eyes actually watering? Oh gosh. Yes, they were. The giant man was starting to cry.\par
I stood frozen for a second, not sure whether I should comfort the giant crying stranger in the fair isle sweater in the dark, or get the heck out of there. I didn't know the depths of his crazy at all, and while my natural instinct would be to offer at least a half-assed "it's gonna be okay, dude," I had a weird feeling. Go figure! Of course I had a weird feeling after hurting the feelings of a 6'5" refrigerator! I shook my head and turned to walk away.\par
"You no go!" roared the guy in hysterics. I decided to ignore him and go anyway. "I hate cryptozoologist! I hate cryptozooligist!" He repeated himself so I knew he meant it. Maybe he was too crazy even for the cryptozoologists. Maybe he was a splinter crypto. That was even worse than a standard one. Rejected by the unicorn finders, sasquatch hunters, and vampire believers. I could run fast. I went for it. \par
I ran around the block just in case he followed me home. Not that everyone didn't already know where I lived. After just a couple minutes I got too tired to run (I've never been in tip-tip cardio condition) and hid behind a tree. I didn't see a big scary guy so after a few minutes, when my mouth stopped tasting like blood and my heart beat in rhythm agian, I walked the rest of the way home. There was no sign at all of the guy. A huge relief. As soon as I put my bag down on the front step to dig for the key, though, I heard the grunting of what I barely had time to turn around and visually process as the giant hurdling towards me. \par
Before I could yell he scooped me up and put a big hand over my mouth. Leaving my bag behind he carried me while running at a seemingly inhuman speed, probably aided by football practice and probably also steriods. I couldn't really see where we were going, as his huge hand covered most of my face. I couldn't really breathe for the same reason. My heart beat fast and and I knew I was being taken somewhere to get offed. My stomach churned. I very nearly vomited. I stopped being able to think past "I'm about to die."\par
Then finally, we stopped and he put me down. He must have been surprised at the hand covering my nose and eyes and maybe at the fact that I was turning purple, because he quickly adjusted his hand to cover only my mouth and I could see and, thank heaven, breathe again. We were sitting behind the bushes at the park near my house. Not a scary murder lair, so that was nice amongst all the not nice that was happening. I tried to get my breath back and focus my vision. He looked at me sternly and with surprisingly good humor. "Thumbs up if you promise no scream." He spoke to me like a child. \par
I begrudgingly gave him his lousy thumbs up and he released my mouth; I panted heavily for a while and got back to normalish breathing.\par
"Listen, Vampire," he started. \par
"I object."\par
"Listen!" he urged. He took another breath and started again. "Listen. You don't get say mean thing to me. Hurt my feelings when you call me cryptozoologist." The word sounded like it was hard to say. Like fag for me.\par
"I'm sorry," I said. Even though he was kind of a douchebag.\par
"Yeah you sorry. Check privilege." \par
I stared at him and tried to pull the corners of my lips out of the smile they were forming into. 'check privilege.' I snorted a little.\par
"Bad Vampire! You laugh my oppression! You very nasty vampire!"\par
"I'm not a vampire!" I didn't really know what this was about or how calling someone a cryptozoologist was oppressive. But I unfortunately was about to find out. \par
Big man started taking off his shirt. I cringed back. This couldn't end well. I tried not to struggle, though, because he definitely had the capacity to kill me. What I saw, however, was not a naked man who planned to have his way with me behind the bushes. It was a thick blanketing of fur on his chest and, when he had the sweater off all the way, his arms. Looking more closely, the back of his hands were furry too, as were the parts of his face that shouldn't have been covered by hair or beard. He hid all that fur pretty well. \par
And I understood. The poor guy had probably spent a lifetime being stalked by violent cryptozoologists. I had a moment of calm clarity about meeting a real live sasquatch, that was followed by my body catching up to me in an instant. My heart started pounding in my throat and so did that thing that happens in my jaw and mouth when I'm about to vomit. I stood up and paced back and forth, screaming as little as possible, shoulders up in my ears despite everything all my yoga teachers had ever taught me, shaking my hands in front of my chest. Sasquatch looked confused.\par
"I just show dumb vampire I pretend too. Why so mad?" \par
When I exhaled, I couldn't help it, I let out this little high pitched whinny. I was completely terrified. I tried to get my breath under control. Finally, when I could speak, I choked out, "I'm not. A vampire."\par
Sasquatch rolled his tiny black eyes and did air quotes around his reply. "Okay." \par
"Anyways vampire. I see you later. I already tell Melody and Carl and Sven you want hang out after school tomorrow. My place. They good friends. You like them." Gosh he was sassy.\par
I wasn't sure but I was pretty sure the Sven he was talking about was the Sven who was the football player who used to slam me into lockers. Of course, right? I didn't know any other Svens and the one high school in town was small, and my luck was terrible about things lately. "I don't really...I have friends already, um," I didn't know his name. "Sasquatch."\par
"My name Ham."\par
I sighed. "I'm Sam." \par
Ham's face lit up like a hairy, hairy lamp. "We rhyme like poem. I knew we be good friends," He laughed and it was unburdened by human stress.\par
I smiled a little. I liked this version of Ham. It was almost adorable. I definitely preferred it to the Ham who had strangled me just ten minutes before. I figured I'd humor him. "Okay Ham. I'll see you tomorrow."\par
"Okay Sam. I see you tomorrow."\par
"Okay."\par
Then we both got up and Ham (the real sasquatch who kidnapped me but was now my new friend) clumsily shook my hand and we went our separate ways. What was my life.\par
I got home and found my bag still sitting unscathed on the front porch.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 