{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Chapter 5\par
School was hard, of course. I was exhausted and I looked it and good old Cole had plenty to say about how I could fix my life, and good old Celia had plenty of stern looks to give me about how I was not treating my one body very well. It was all true. I didn\rquote t talk much because there was nothing I felt at liberty to say. \par
At least I had finished my logarithms. I sent Reggie a thank you text for the help he\rquote d given me. \par
At lunch I was sitting, not eating, not talking, not doing much of anything except staring at the table with a frustrated look on my face and absentmindedly twirling a strand of hair between my fingers, when approached Melody.\par
 I was scared when I first saw her but when I looked into her eyes I felt all my fear turn into beautiful, complex, self sacrificing love.\par
\ldblquote Hey Sam,\rdblquote  she spoke and her voice was sustinance. \par
What a gorgeous, gorgeous girl. Her pert cheekbones, her deep green eyes that pulled me like a wholly welcomed riptide. Take me, swallow me, drown me. Feed me to the ocean that is Melody, I will take any fate she so wishes. I lust to lose myself to her. Among the swirling whirlpool that were her ocean eyes and her lulling voice, I tried to wake up the part of my brain that knew she was a demon from the sizzling depths of hell. It batted its eyes open and smiled back at me and said, \ldblquote no Sam, she\rquote s wonderful, can\rquote t you see her? Gosh she\rquote s gorgeous.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Hey there,\rdblquote  I tried to sound like I didn\rquote t care but even I could hear that I had failed miserably. \par
\ldblquote So I hear you\rquote re hanging out with us tonight,\rdblquote  she smirked. \par
\ldblquote Yeah, I suppose that\rquote s true.\rdblquote  My voice was stunted, as if I was talking through a layer of mucus. I was unworthy. \par
\ldblquote I figured you\rquote d want the address.\rdblquote  She laughed and it was angels singing Glory to God and the ringing wedding bells of a couple who had made the right choice in saying \ldblquote forever.\rdblquote  Then she handed me a scrap of lined paper with, written in the sultriest, curliest handwriting I\rquote d ever seen, a street number. It read:\par
\ldblquote 19036 South Patterson Street\line Off 19th and Gimlin\line we are all looking forward to seeing you.\rdblquote\par
I read over it quickly, but wasted no time in looking back into Melody\rquote s eyes. They were so perfect. I had my head resting on my hand, with my elbow resting on the table, and I sighed. I must have looked exactly as dumb and dumbstruck as all the guys I had gotten used to judging. I knew now. She had something very, very special about her. I loved her, and that was fact.\par
\ldblquote Alright then, bye Sammy.\rdblquote  I loved it when she called me that. \ldblquote Bye Cole,\rdblquote  she finished in a slightly sultrier tone than the one she used on me. I tried not to be jealous. She turned around gracefully, flipping her hair over her shoulder, throwing at me the scent of strawberries. My mouth watered. I watched her meet Carl near the door, and the two of them left the cafeteria together.\par
As soon as she was gone, Cole shook his head like a wet dog and squinted his eyes in disbelief. \ldblquote Did she just call you...Sammy?\rdblquote  He asked. \par
"Really, guys?" came from Celia's disbelieving mouth.\par
I was too busy being pretty sure she had been tenderizing my brainmeat for slaughter to answer. \par
--\par
I took a deep breath in and out my nose, ujjayi style, and I knocked on the door of the little house on Patterson street. Within just a few seconds, I heard a loud cry of, \ldblquote Coming!\rdblquote  followed by heavy footsteps leading to the door, and a very deep, Hamlike voice spoke. \ldblquote Tell me password!\rdblquote  it boomed.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s uh. It\rquote s Sam.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh okay, you no need password Sam,\rdblquote  spoke Ham\rquote s disembodied, booming voice. I thought this was his attempt at quietness.\par
The door swung open and there stood a very naked Ham. Luckily, the bits I wasn\rquote t terribly interested in seeing were covered in fur. Very silky golden brown fur. I had to ask Ham what kind of shampoo he used on that stuff, I was jealous. Funny, that. I liked Ham the most even though he was the only one of the four who had actually hurt me. I had nearly lost consciousness when he had, you know, picked me up without my consent and carried me to the park to get naked. You can\rquote t just go around trusting a Sasquatch who acts like that. But I felt like, from my limited knowledge of Ham, he was simply doing what he thought was best. \par
\ldblquote Come in, Sammy. I show you \lquote round Ham hole.\rdblquote  Ham hole! I loved it. \par
\ldblquote Here hallway. We use to get to rest of house.\rdblquote  We walked (well, I walked, and Ham stomped) down a fairly ageworn but clean hallway. \ldblquote Here living room. I had TV but Sven get mad, break it with fist! He say sorry but still very naughty. Now no Nintendo for anyone.\rdblquote  He laughed and it rattled the windows. The living room had an entertainment center that was, as Ham described, missing a TV. It still had a Nintendo 64 and a bunch of games and VHS tapes (what was this 1997?), though. \par
\ldblquote Okay here kitchen. Whatever in fridge belong to everyone. If have thing you\i  really \i0 not want share you write name but no promise we no get jealous make fun of you.\rdblquote  I laughed with Ham this time. I was mouselike in comparison to his booming, gut-based guffaw. He was doing a pretty awesome job of making me feel welcome and calming the palpitations of my murder-expectant heart. \par
\ldblquote Now take right please. We go down \i other\i0  hallway.\rdblquote  Ham sighed with exasperation. \ldblquote Why all these hallway! Waste Ham life walk down hallway all day.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Okay take left. This bathroom. This where do the poop poops. When finish please wash hand, Sam. No forget like Carl, please with cherry. Ham just ask one thing.\rdblquote  I liked Ham a whole bunch right now, so I nodded my head and smiled wholesomely. He clambered on, the top of his voluminous hair brushing the ceiling and his huge frame filling the entire hallway.\par
\ldblquote Now we go to Ham room. This where Ham sleep. Not special.\rdblquote  I looked into the doorway, over Ham\rquote s gargantuan, hairy hand that was still holding the doorknob open. There wasn\rquote t really a bed, it was much more like a large nest. One corner of the room was covered with all colored blankets, sleeping bags, pillows, the works. There was a pile of books by the side of the nest and plenty of Christmas tree lights thumbtacked to the wall. \par
\ldblquote Ham, you read?\rdblquote  I asked, genuinely surprised. \par
\ldblquote Heck yeah Ham read! I running for mayor next year! Got to learn socioeconomic policy. My platform more trashcans! Right now, only have blue, green, and black. That very limited color pallet. Thinking of red trashcan for fire trash. Also think crime need stop, so definitely be working on that. Ham slogan, \lquote Clean Up Stillwater!\rquote\rdblquote  As he boisterously shouted his slogan, he winked and pointed in a very practiced manner. I knew where my vote was going next year.\par
Ham started to close the door and opened his big pink lips around big, haphazardly placed square teeth to say something else, when there was a rap on the door. \ldblquote Coming!\rdblquote  he boomed and thumped to the front room. I followed slowly, smiling to myself, when I heard Ham\rquote s chest-vibrating voice through the halls and walls. \ldblquote Say password! Ok Sven you invited this time but next time maybe not so lucky.\rdblquote  So Sven had arrived.\par
I went out to see if it was the Sven of my thoughts, and, lo and behold, it was the very same. This was the closest I had been to him in a long while. He was almost Ham\rquote s height but about half his size. He was quite svelt, with longish, shiny white-blonde hair (painfully Norwegian) and blue eyes as icy as the look on his face when he saw me. Was it bad that I thought puberty had done him great justice? In the past year and a half or so he had grown out of being a lanky, big eared kid and really turned into a man. I hated thinking that. But wow, actually wow. Even with that stupid holy looking grimace smeared across his face I was pretty into it. Now just to extract the parts that were rude, slimy, and full of malice (almost all of them), and take back all the times he, as a testosterone overloaded grown-up to be, had spat in my face or knocked me down. Yeah. Minus all that stuff he would be totally great to kiss. Sometimes I hated my brain. \par
\ldblquote Hey Sven,\rdblquote  I said. He rolled his eyes and shook his head minutely, brushing past me and flopping down on the couch with legs crossed on the coffee table. \par
I didn\rquote t have a lot of time to feel awkward, rejected, or upset any more than getting red in the ears, because then came a dainty knock on the door. I knew who this was. \ldblquote Coming!\rdblquote  boomed Ham, who was already at the door. \ldblquote What password!\rdblquote  \par
I heard a husky female voice through the door but I didn\rquote t hear what it said, and Ham opened the door to let in Melody, followed blankly by Carl. \par
\ldblquote Hey, Sammy,\rdblquote  said Melody in the same lulling voice she had used today in the cafeteria, but with far fewer ramifications. I didn\rquote t like her again. She was hard to like, I supposed, after pretty much drugging me up with her sex hormones two days in a row. She was a wonderfully attractive girl, physically, but I wasn\rquote t really over the fact that I\rquote d fallen in and out of love with her several times already due to her using the same ploy she apparently used before she murdered people. I assumed that was it, now. Some sort of gross glandular excretion was at play here. I was glad, at least, that she had the power to turn off her sick talent. \par
\ldblquote Oh hi, Melody. Not softening me up for slaughter today? It\rquote s nice to see you when I\rquote m not tripping balls,\rdblquote  I would have said if I had had any balls to trip, whatever that means. Instead I smiled at her and I did my best to make it look like I knew what she had done and I was pleased about it. \ldblquote Hello. Hey Carl.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  moaned Carl. If Melody turning off the freaky love mist had comforted me, looking at undead Carl undid all that. Carl was a zombie, and it was so perfectly new pair of glasses style clear to me now that it made my stomach lurch. I tried to hide the terror on my face. \par
There was another knock at the door, which surprised me. I had foolishly assumed that I only had Ham, Carl, Melody, and Sven to worry about. \ldblquote Coming!\rdblquote  hollered Ham, still standing right in the doorway. \ldblquote What password?\rdblquote\par
I, again, didn\rquote t hear the password, but the voice behind the door was eerily familiar. \ldblquote Good job!\rdblquote  said Ham, opening the door to...no. \par
Buddy, my yoga teacher. With a bulldog under his arm. Oh my god, I had to text Aubrey.\ldblquote Buddy is here and I THINK I JSUT MET CAPTAIN????\rdblquote  I was about to hit send when I realized Aubrey would want to know where \ldblquote here\rdblquote  was, whether she\rquote d be able to come next time, who else was there, why wasn\rquote t she invited, etc. I figured this inside joke would have to just stay inside. \par
I stared with my mouth open as Ham ushered Buddy, a short, muscular man with premature balding, in through the door. \ldblquote Hello Sam!\rdblquote  he said in his calm, controlled voice. I was tapping out. What did a Sasquatch, a Siren, a Zombie, a jerk, and a yoga instructor with a dog have in common? Fuck if I knew. \par
\ldblquote Wow, Buddy, I didn\rquote t expect to see you here?\rdblquote  The statement turned into a question as I got more confused. \par
\ldblquote Nobody does,\rdblquote  he smoothly uttered, and then he winked at me. What the hell was that supposed to mean? \par
Over the next five minutes or so, six more people showed up as I got progressively more sure that I wasn't carzy and that I was currently hanging out with a bunch of mythical creatures. One was someone I thought I had seen before but wasn\rquote t sure where, who was very pallid and drained over copper skin and had a longing expression pasted on his face. He seemed to flicker in my peripheral vision whenever I looked away but I could never catch it when it happened. He introduced himself to me as Brian and told me he was happy to meet me, that he had heard a lot. Oh boy.\par
Then came a lady who was impossibly pretty. She was dark skinned and had long braided black hair. There was a blush across her round cheeks and a mothering smile on her full lips. Her curvy body was shrouded in a dress the color of fresh spring leaves, that came down above her knees and displayed lovely smooth dark legs. I wanted to sit down and blink at her for the forseeable future. She looked so nice and so pretty. The entire room silenced their chattiness and watched her enter with sparkling eyes. I was surprised there weren\rquote t collective ooh\rquote s and aah\rquote s. She introduced herself to me as Melia and said she couldn\rquote t stay long, but was so very glad to meet me. I felt warm when I looked at her.\par
After Melia was a lady I\rquote d seen before asking for money on the street. She was short and hunched over with an uneven tan and stringy grey hair. She literally had a hook nose with a wart on it. If I had believed in witches before, I would have been able to spot her from a mile away. She crowed her hello and some spit landed on my face. It burned. \par
Another was a small man with coppery curly hair and a mischevious grin. He wasn\rquote t wearing green or toting a pot of gold but I knew just what the heck he was supposed to be. \ldblquote Finnigan, my friend,\rdblquote  he said in an Irish accent. How did he get away with that?\par
There was also a funny walking guy with loose sweats on. He had a little goatee that came to a point, a broad nose, curly hair, big yellow eyes and a calm expression. I didn\rquote t want to check because I didn\rquote t want to be rude, but if I had seen little goat horns on his head I\rquote d know what he was all about. \par
Finally, came a knock accompanied by an angry screech. \ldblquote The worst tenant!\rdblquote  was the only thing I could make out among high pitched syllables. \par
\ldblquote Coming!\rdblquote  yelled Ham. \ldblquote What password!\rdblquote  he gleefully said. I got the feeling he loved to host.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s Stepan! You let me in!\rdblquote  \par
Ham\rquote s massive hairy smile contorted to a nervous toothy grimace. \ldblquote I return soon,\rdblquote  he whispered, though it was still forceful enough to create a gust in the room.\par
As soon as Ham opened the tiny door with his giant arm, Stepan, a very round man with a terrible purplish face and a carpety tan business suit pushed his way in the door. \ldblquote One of your friends parked in the red!\rdblquote  He screeched and my ears popped the way they do when I\rquote m on an airplane.\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t have my tenants bringing ragamuffins into their homes!\rdblquote  his tone was impossibly high. \par
Carl sidled up to me, as well as a Zombie could sidle, and whispered slowly and rankly into my ear. \ldblquote Stepan is, a Troll. Guarding is, his nature.\rdblquote  I laughed. I would have high fived him were I not repulsed by his rotty hand.\par
\ldblquote Who is laughing!\rdblquote  Stepan nasally screeched with a look of murder on a face that could already kill. Were I brave, I would have raised my hand, but instead I let Stepan seethe. \par
\ldblquote I hate tenants!\rdblquote  he screamed. I supposed so. All I head heard of trolls was that they took their toll and then they were left alone with their property. It must have been tough for Stepan to have to deal with people all the time. If I were a gross troll I\rquote d want time to think as well. I already wanted time to think.\par
After stomping his fat little feet and pointing at Ham with a threat to raise the rent (to which Ham replied, \ldblquote No mister, you no raise rent, that illegal. No front like I not know laws. I gonna be mayor next year, ok? Ham 2013!\rdblquote ), Stepan begrudgingly squelched out of the house, and Ham closed and bolted the thing. \ldblquote Me really hate that guy.\rdblquote\par
The drama calmed, and Melody spoke in a businesslike tone. \ldblquote Alright folks, we\rquote ve reached quorum. I\rquote m calling this meeting into action.\rdblquote  Since when was this a meeting? I thought we were just hanging out.\par
There was a collective groan and everyone plopped down on the various disheveled couches and loveseats in the room. I took a chair that seated one because I wasn\rquote t sure I trusted anybody not to try to kill me, since Melia had left.\par
\ldblquote We all know why we\rquote re here,\rdblquote  she began. I almost raised my hand to object. \ldblquote We have a new member! Our first vampire.\rdblquote  \par
I groaned and muttered, \ldblquote I object.\rdblquote\par
Melody went on. \ldblquote So let\rquote s all introduce ourselves to Samhain!\rdblquote  I cringed at the utterance of my full name, as it was ridiculous, but at least she pronounced it correctly. Of course a Siren would know to say Sa-win and not Sam-hayn like every god damned substitute teacher I'd ever had. I mean, it didnt change that I was pissed. But at least she said it right.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s just go around and say our full name and our current form,\rdblquote  she smiled as comfortingly as I thought she could manage. \ldblquote I\rquote ll start. I\rquote m Melody Stephanopolous and I\rquote m a Siren.\rdblquote  I knew it! I knew it. \par
Melody pointed to Carl. \ldblquote Carl. Just Carl. Sometimes I say, my last name, is Smith, like in school. I\rquote m, a Zombie.\rdblquote  I pulled my lips back and waved a little.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m Goody Sarah Corey and I\rquote m a Witch,\rdblquote  spat the woman in the witchiest voice I\rquote d ever heard, complete with a twiddling of the fingers and a nasty little moan.\par
\ldblquote Finnigan O\rquote Toole, the Leprechaun of the group,\rdblquote  came the good-natured next introduction.\par
\ldblquote I Ham. I Sasquatch. Hi Sammy."\par
\ldblquote Buddy! Currently a person, but tick me off and that\rquote s a whole nother story,\rdblquote  said my now terrifying favorite yoga instructor.\par
\ldblquote Elias Fink, a faun,\rdblquote  said the guy in the sweats. I was pretty proud that I had nailed that one.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m Brian Rodriguez and I\rquote m...I\rquote m just a regular person,\rdblquote  said the forlorn guy who I thought I had seen flicker.\par
To that, the entire room replied tiredly. \ldblquote You\rquote re a ghost,\rdblquote  most of them said, with Ham trailing off at the end shouting, \ldblquote Ghooooooost,\rdblquote  Finnigan saying \ldblquote No, no, no, no, no Brian,\rdblquote  and Melody prefacing with \ldblquote Sweetheart.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote I\rquote m Brian Rodriguez and I...I\rquote ve just heard that I\rquote m a ghost.\rdblquote  A few scattered thank you\rquote s went around at that.\par
Finally, it was Sven. The man of the hour. I had no idea what he was supposed to be, and still was sort of holding out hope that he was their human ambassador, or something. But who would let such a douche hang with them if he didn\rquote t even have magic to show for it? I realized that on a bad day I might fit that "magicless douchebag" bill better than Sven, but now that I\rquote d seen their secrets, could they even let me leave? My personal safety started feeling a lot less permanent. \par
\ldblquote I\rquote m Sven Sorensen and I\rquote m, ugh.\rdblquote  He paused right at the good part. \ldblquote Elf.\rdblquote  \par
Just as the laughter started to inadvertently bubble up my chest, Sven glared at me and said \ldblquote Don\rquote t you fucking dare.\rdblquote\par
Alright, he knew me. I\rquote d obviously changed...a lot less since ninth grade.\par
Graceful, graceful Melody kept the show rolling. \ldblquote So now that we\rquote ve all intorduced ourselves to you, why don\rquote t you introduce yourself to us, Samhain!\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t really go by that,\rdblquote  I said quickly.\par
Melody apologized and went on. \ldblquote Alright, Sam. Tell us about you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Um. I\rquote m seventeen--\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How long you been seventeen?\rdblquote  asked Ham.\par
\ldblquote Like, eleven months.\rdblquote  I continued. \ldblquote I\rquote m in high school, gonna graduate next June. I\rquote m pretty into music.\rdblquote  \par
I saw some nodding of heads around the room, but Melody curbed the conversation like a true pro. \ldblquote What do you eat?\rdblquote  she asked. \par
I acted like I didn\rquote t know what she was talking about and answered, \ldblquote fries.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You can be honest with us,\rdblquote  she let me know calmly. \ldblquote You\rquote ve seen who we really are. You\rquote re safe.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not a vampire.\rdblquote  I said, surprised at how steadfast I was, even surrounded by people who could very easily kill me. But did they know that? Well. I wanted them to know that. I\rquote d lived the last six years of my life here getting called a vampire, and the last four of them getting called a gay vampire. I was pretty used to looking adversity in its beady little eyes and correcting its shit. Sasquatches and god damned Sirens and Zombies and Witches and Elves and my yoga teacher had no right to tell me who the hell I was. \ldblquote I\rquote m not a vampire!\rdblquote  I repeated to make sure they all heard.\par
\ldblquote Ham say yes you are!\rdblquote  said the Sasquatch joyfully, getting up off the couch and stepping to the entertainment center, where he pulled down a screen I hadn\rquote t seen hanging there before.\par
\ldblquote Hit lights!\rdblquote  he called. Someone did. \ldblquote Melody, my powerpoint button? Slide show ready go?\rdblquote  She nodded her head and flipped a switch on a projector located on the kitchen counter. She handed him a clicker. \ldblquote I be right back!\rdblquote  shouted Ham, running out of the room. We waited. No one spoke, not out of awkwardness but out of anticipation. About a minute later, Ham burst back into the room in a smashing navy blue suit over a light blue button down and a maroon tie. No shoes, and the suit fit too small (as these things do), but Ham totally looked like a mayor.\par
He looked at the screen and grunted in disapproval. \ldblquote It have to warm up,\rdblquote  Ham reminded us. I sat dumbfounded. I knew a Sasquatch who was running for mayor and could work powerpoint.\par
The giant smiled as his first slide finally blurred into view. It was really precious, there was WordArt and ClipArt and animations over a simple purple to gold gradient. I wanted to hug Ham. \par
Until I saw the title unfold from the left side. \par
\ldblquote Sam Is Vampire,\rdblquote  it said. The subscript said, \ldblquote Here Definitely Why.\rdblquote  A picture of my face dissolved into view. Did he get that off Facebook? He smiled hugely from inside that dapper suit.\par
The second slide said, \ldblquote Reason 1: No Go Out In Sunlight.\rdblquote  How did he know that? He touched a giant finger to the screen, illuminating half his body in powerpoint jargon, and said, \ldblquote Me Interview Friend About It.\rdblquote  Oh, that was how.\par
\ldblquote I object!\rdblquote  I said. Melody ushered me to share my thoughts. \ldblquote My pupils don\rquote t dilate right and my skin burns like crazy.\rdblquote  \par
She laughed. \ldblquote Yes, like a Vampire.\rdblquote  I shook my head but let Ham go on.\par
\ldblquote Reason 2: No Eat People Food.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t eat a lot of things...I have a special diet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, like a Vampire,\rdblquote  reminded Melody.\par
\ldblquote Reason 3: Pointy Teeth So Scary!\rdblquote  Ham gnashed his terrible teeth with this one to show how serious he was.\par
\ldblquote They just came in that way! I went to the orthodontist but it would have been a lot of work that wasn\rquote t necessary, I...oh, fine. Right. Like a Vampire. I went to the orthodontist! Vampires don\rquote t go to Orthodontists!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You know, I had a vampire friend once, who-\rdblquote  began Elias the faun, who I shushed, even though I liked him. \par
Then came \ldblquote Reason 4: Sam Look Just Like Vampire.\rdblquote  I didn\rquote t know how this was valid evidence at all, and it was redundant, but it was true, of course. \par
A picture of me dissolved onscreen. I didn't know why that had to happen when I was very clearly sitting right in front of these people. It featured me, standing by a tree. My skin was pale as could be (thanks to my Kurdish-Polish background, tendency to retreat to the internet, and photosensitivity) and my eyes were dark. Like they were. So was my hair, it's black and straight and I was keeping it at about my shoulders because I was edgy and it was easy to hide behind. I had dark circles under my eyes because that happens when you're pale and can never sleep. In this picture I was smiling and my lame crooked mouth was exposed. My front teeth overlapped a little and my canines stuck out a little. It wasn't really that noticable. \par
I sighed. I had kind of wanted these people to be my friends. I was pretty sick of them right now.\par
Ham went on. \ldblquote Reason 5: Name Samhain! (say like Sow In)\rdblquote  curled into view. He nodded his big furry head and said, \ldblquote Samhain definitely name for Vampire.\rdblquote\par
I hated when this one was used as an excuse. \ldblquote My parents were hippies and I was born on Halloween! It seemed like a good idea at the time.\rdblquote  \par
Melody interjected again. \ldblquote Your birthday is on Halloween? I didn\rquote t even know that! Is that your birth birthday, or was that the day you were bitten?\rdblquote\par
I sighed. There was no convincing them. \ldblquote My birth birthday.\rdblquote  \par
Everyone oooohed. I tried to smile graciously. I supposed I was a Vampire.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 